* The goal of The Gaming Room was to create a game called Win, Lose or Draw, in addition to it being a web application. The client requested recommendations for software and hardware so that the application is opitmized correctly. 
* What I believe I did well on was the comments and explaination of the code. For each chunk of code, whether it be a certain algorithm, function, or variable I defined what it was and how it worked, in addition to my thought process. 
* I think working through something like a template is useful for those just starting off, however, despite still being a novice at coding, I do not like coding through something that is linear like a template. I prefer to code in small chunks and tackle certain problems first then work my way through others, jumping around from on section to another. 
* If I were to revise something it would be the controllers, specifically, I would annotate my code a bit more. Looking back at the code, I understand some of what my thought process was at the time of writing the code, however, some of the code is questionable. So, I would want to annotate more next time so that I understand why I chose one option instead of the other.
* The user's needs define the entire project; everything revolves around the needs and thoughts of the user. If the user is unsatisfied, then the project is worthless. Therefore, it is important to make UIs intuitive and generally everything up to standard so that the user does not have a difficult time understanding how an application works. Their feedback is crucial to the success of an application. 
* I would use the same techniques as in this application, however, where I would differ is in the communication aspect. Since, this project delt with more of a solo development style, teamwork would help much more not only in the overall development process, but also in moments of confusion when I am unsure of what to do and how to solve something. 
